This story begins a long time ago in the 1800's. The story takes place in a beautiful
meadow. There were high mountains surrounding the meadow.
The people in the village often told tales that something evil lived in the meadow. The
people told tales of mysterious creatures. People from the near by village were frightened
by the tales. Most would not go into the meadow.
There was only one person, Tannus was her name, who did not fear the stories. Her
grandmother had told her about the strange creature that the people feared. She had told
Tannus that this creature was special and only people who believed would see it. Her
grandmother had called it a unicorn. Tannus remembered this story. She would go to the
meadow and to look for the unicorn but she had never seen it. But she believed in it.
One day Tannus was in meadow walking. Once again she was looking for the unicorn. As
she walked she saw something from the corner of her eye. She turned to look and there it
was the unicorn.
The unicorn had a beautiful white coat. Its long mane was covered with gold dust. His wings
looked like they were on fire. When Tannus saw it she remembered something more from
Grandmother's story. The unicorn's horn was said to have magic powers. Grandmother had
said that if a person touches it she would receive three wishes.
Tannus looked at the beautiful unicorn. She slowly walked toward it. She reached out her
hand and stroked its mane gently.
The unicorn knelt and allowed Tannus to get on its back. Together they rode to the village.
When Tannus's mother saw them she called out, "Get off that wild thing!"
Tannus said, " No! It's not wild mother. All that he needs is a friend. He needs some love.
Mom, come for a ride with me?"
Mother said, "No, Tannus! We don't know anything about him. What does he eat?"
"He eats grass. Grandmother told me about him when I was young. She told me that I
could make a wish if I touch its horn and that the wish would come true.
Tannus touched its horn and she made a wish. She wished for a castle. Suddenly the castle
appeared. It had solid gold trim. The ballroom floor was made out of pearls. The pillars were
solid gold.
Tannus wished a second time. This time she wished for more unicorns so that her unicorn
could be happy for the rest of his life and then there were more unicorns walking and
playing in the meadow.
She made a third wish and she wished for a prince for herself and the prince appeared. The
prince was having so much fun with to the beautiful unicorns. He was so amazed and happy
that he made his wishes for Tannus' mom. The prince wished for a king for Tannus' mom.
Tannus' mother was so happy that she could have all the things that she wanted in her life.
Now they could live happily ever after, and they did.