Once upon the time, in a village, lived a mother and a daughter. They were every poor. In
this same village there also lived a very rich man. He was a chief in the village. He was a
very bad chief. The people who lived in the village hated him, but they couldn't do anything
to him. The poor people were forced to work in his fields. He paid them so little. They had to
work all day long.
The girl's mother had to be the chief's employee also. She too had to work all day long.
When she got home she was exhausted. Most time she fell asleep as soon as she arrived
home.
Before the rich man had come to the village the girl's mother would take the girl on her
knee and tell her stories. Now the mother never really had time to talk to her daughter. The
daughter had not heard story from her mom for a long, long time. She missed these stories.
She had not talked to her mother for such a long time. The girl felt pity for her mom.
She knew that her mother was tired. But secretly she really wanted to hear a story from
her. Also she had a lot of questions to ask. The mother had made plans to send the girl
away to school to study and get an education. She wondered why. She wanted to know and
she asked her mother many times.
One day when her mom was not feeling well and could not go to work, she called her
daughter. She sat beside her mother and the mother told a story to the daughter about two
birds. The mom said, "Once upon a time there were two brother birds that lived in a nest.
They couldn't fly well yet. One day their mom went to look for food for them.
A storm came. The wind blew hard. It blew so hard that the young birds were thrown from
the nest and they were separated.
One bird blew to the another country. There a gentleman caught him and looked after him
very well. He grew up to be well education, gentle and kind. He had a good life.
The other bird blew to the ground. There a bad man caught him and forced him to work.
The second bird grew up to be like the mean man. He became a bad bird."
Now she understood her mom's story and she could see that her mother loved her enough
to send her away so that she might have a better life.
She promised her mom that when she grew up she would leave and get an education and
be a good girl. She promised her that she would return and take her mother away to a
better place.
Her mother hugged her and told the girl that she was proud of her and that she was happy
to hear her promise. When the girl grew up she did leave her mother and went away to
study. She kept her promises to her mother and they live happily ever after.